Upgrading Google Scholar plugin (#47)
escience-tmsr/doi-downloader: docs/usage.md

doi_list = csv.load_dois_from_file(os.path.abspath("doi_examples.csv"), "doi")
for doi in doi_list:
    pdf_urls = ld.plugins['CrossrefPlugin'].get_pdf_urls(doi, read_from_cache=True)
    if pdf_urls:
        safe_filename = doi.replace("/", "_").replace(".", "_") + ".pdf"
        downloaded_files = pdf_dl.download_pdf(pdf_urls[0], safe_filename, "downloads")
        if downloaded_files:
            print(f"Downloaded {doi} to {downloaded_files}")

>     if not pdf_urls or not downloaded_files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        downloaded_file = pdf_dl.download_pdf(pdf_urls[0], safe_filename, "downloads")
        if downloaded_file:
            print(f"Downloaded {doi} to {downloaded_file}")
    if not pdf_urls or not downloaded_file:
```
From what I can see, `pdf_download.download_pdf` only returns a single item.

Author: Correct and it was also missing the returned verified DOI flag: updated
